# PRIVACY POLICY
1. **Our Commitment to Privacy**. This notice describes CiviWiki’s Privacy Policy. Our privacy policy is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect the personal information you provide. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
2. **What Information is Collected.**

    a. <ins>Information You Provide to Us:</ins> We collect any information you enter on our site, or that you give us in any other way, including your name, email address, password, and location. You can choose not to provide certain information, but you may not be able to take advantage of certain parts of our services and features that require registration.
    
    b. <ins>Information About Your Use of CiviWiki:</ins> In order to constantly make CiviWiki a better and more personal user experience, we collect any information that you post to your public profile, including your photo, connections, stated positions, and public profile information. We also collect information about your use of the site, including but not limited to your shares, messages, comments, and rankings of policies, candidates, or articles; and messages, comments
    
    c. <ins>Automatic Information:</ins> When you visit a website, you disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. This site, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to our site. If you access the site on your mobile device we may also be able to track or collect information about your mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device

    d. <ins>“Cookies”:</ins> Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. Cookies give us information about the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the site, and other actions you take on. We use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, and location data to remember you, provide custom content, monitor the effectiveness of our service, monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, diagnose or fix technology problems, or otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.
3. **How and When the Information is Used.**  Remember that CiviWiki is a social media platform, so the information that you post and the interactions in which you engage will be visible to other users on the service and some of this information may be searchable by search engines. We may also share information about your positions and ideas in an anonymized form with political candidates or academic institutions or non-profits for research purposes. We may also share your information with third party service providers who are working directly with CiviWiki to help provide or improve our services; in those cases the third party providers will be bound to keep your information private.
 4. **How We Protect Your Information.** The privacy and protection of your information is important to us. We do not make any personal information available to third parties without your permission.
5. **Who Has Access to the Information.** Information about our users is important to us. Except as required by law or court order, we will not disclose any individually identifiable information to any third party without first receiving that user’s permission. We may also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
6. **Methods We Use to Protect Your Information.** We use industry standard commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

    Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Brigade or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Company or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
7. **Children.** This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If you believe that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age we promise to delete that information as soon as we can; please contact us at support@civiwiki.org in order to notify us.
8. **“Do Not Track” Policy.** We are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
9. **Third Party Tracking.** Third parties do not collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities on our website.
10. **Consent.** By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
11. **Changes to Privacy Policy.** If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post those changes to this page, and, for a period of time following a change, will also post a notification that our Privacy Policy has changed on our front page and/or your user page. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change.
12. **Effective Date.** This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 1, 2016. It was last revised on January 31, 2018.
13. **Questions.** For any questions about CiviWiki’s Privacy Policy, please contact Mitchell.West@civiwiki.org.
